who furry current does not teach there is a
you can swim nap loves filed
able to growl loudly and chirps inventory
who sneaks who a couple
we have a magic book we are not all
Answers will find a domestic and wild animals
Mustafa we will read the pillar trucktec
find good friends and they will all
know and be brave and quick
given game and forest books to us and game
it almost succeeded
hi squeak hi i grumble in
stomach
great of course thanks who it can
be someone can think together a
how I wonder who it could be that it
maybe you know tell me
guess we will not we will know exactly who
it can be carefully watch sky
who do you see in the wonderful books of animals
Well, this is you animal on the paws of the membrane
opportunity quick so we know him
the membranes on the feet are very thin
feathers are short black feathers are you
I guessed who I am talking about
squeak there is another tip
small eyes
guessed at this animal membrane
on the paws very thin feathers and sharp
beak
up penguin
did you recognize the penguin great baby soap
from published that penguins see better under
water than on land so it's easier for them to find
tasty fish
someone cute and funny fish catches under
by water
black white western nose not
and he has a penguin who jumps there
stones
ska carry stitching something babies
the truth in the world is such one andy
here